hello do if you're watching this you
clearly wish to know the ways of which
two spots ganoub in gurus yes watch this
video you will be able to find out all
you want to do is play the instruments
for no apparent reason yeah your arm a
hard cool rocker yeah you got like
anything else why didn't just play rock
and stuff no man so like to play rock
just whatever boy does everybody who's a
noob that is why are you calling me or
newport knew enough awaits tell
someone's new is that all that armor
it's more it's good it's kinda stupid we
have no idea why I do this but oh well
where can i meet for this one's pretty
self-explanatory me doesn't take a
genius another way send a finger at
level 20 is a really low level but
actually it's the highest level in the
entire game haha you're like a level 20
yeah that's like one of the lowest
levels ever I've got someone who's level
40 my god you're such a noob all right
they think they can take on the entire
world by themselves yet shortly find
they will die a few things later okay
necromancy you go left elements list you
go right and I'll go down the middle
okay you got that's a stupid idea I can
do it all by myself you just wash me I
got to go out there and kill them all
hair see ya ha those two it is oh my god
I'm dying I must I must destroy them
somehow I'll use my Phoenix and
today oh my god they started some though
oh my god though oh my god I'm dead I'm
dead how is this possible I'm the
greatest I should be able to live I
should be only an avoid spy noob is that
all i want is money all the time money
yet they can't be bothered to care
themselves honestly money money I need
money I really need money come on
somebody give me some money can be
smiley any money come on and so we've
come to the end of this video I hope it
is enlightened you oh there's one more
weights fun new if they have pink hair
like John here isn't that right John
yessir dudes hey what do you are but I
don't have pink